[Applause]
they look super cute but they are eaten
totally they have been placed
dismantling our car steadily over the
last three weeks the windscreen wipers
got ripped off in the first day or two
there are teeth marks in bits of the
metal up here where they just basically
be chewing the doors even here there's
monkey teeth marks they stand on there
and eat the trim out the aerial was used
as some sort of whip and love the
winger's they love trying to break
wingers off by leaping up and down on
them and it's these little ones that are
the worst offenders the car is covered
literally in footprints they've been
licking the windows I mean there's poo
on the car there's a trampoline kind of
kit they've sorted out
now they've started best getting
underneath the car and now they're
pulling the wiring out of the car and is
undoing nuts and bolts if we make it out
of this place it will be a miracle